Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Here you go.
Thank you.
Oh. that was wonderful.
What a beautiful day
for a ride.
Our last ride.
At least we got to fit one in
before I go.
But I don't want you to go.
It's only for the summer.
That's a long time. Mom.
Erin...
...you know your dad
doesn't want you
to call me that anymore.
I don't care what Dad says.
You're my Mom.
and you always will be.
But your dad and I
are divorced now and...
he's seeing someone new.
Yeah. Bethany.
I hate her.
That's because
you don't know her.
Which is why
your dad and I thought
that my summer vacation
was the perfect opportunity
for you and Bethany
to spend time together.
without me around
as a distraction.
But why do you
have to go so far?
Because Parable
is a magical place.
I was your age
the last time I there.
But what if it's. like.
totally changed
and it's really horrible now?
Well. I guess I'll find out.
Can I come visit?
That's up to your father.
But we'll stay in touch.
Okay? Constantly.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
Me too. sweetheart.
Me too. Come here.
♪ Blue skies overhead
♪ Well. am I dreaming?
♪ Is this really it?
♪ So down the road we go
♪ Maybe take it fast
Maybe take it real slow ♪
♪ Life turns
and shakes the wind ♪
♪ It's a real love. it feels
♪ On four wheels
Down the road we go ♪
♪ Yeah...
♪ Down the road we go
Ma'am?
I wouldn't do that.
if I were you.
Do what?
Well. leave your purse there
and turn your back on it.
You're practically
begging someone to take it.
In Parable?
Even Parable
isn't immune to crime.
Well. I guess you would know.
Thanks for the tip.
Have a nice day. ma'am.
You too.
Hi!
Hi.
Ms. Kendall?
Tara. Please.
Joanna Barlow.
Nice to meet you.
Welcome to Parable.
Thank you.
So. how are we doing in
the first-impression department?
So far. so good.
Come on. let me
give you the grand tour.
Can I help you with your bags?
Oh. no. no. I'll get--
I'll get them later.
Okay.
Watch your step here.
Well. this is it.
Dad's a stickler
for authentic--
read. "fusty and musty."
Mom wanted
to modernize the place.
He grumbled a bit.
but secretly.
I know he likes it.
I bet.
They retired to Florida
a couple of years ago
and transferred the title
to me and my husband.
but we have
a bigger working ranch.
and we're happy there.
We should probably
sell this place.
but. you know.
sentimental value.
Wow. What a beautiful view.
Mm. Is that what
brought you here? The view?
Because if you Google
"off the beaten track."
there's bound to be
a picture of Parable.
I came here for a few weeks
as a girl.
Summer camp
at the dude ranch.
Whisper Creek?
Yeah! Yeah.
I looked it up online.
I know
it's no longer in operation.
No. not anymore.
That's too bad.
Some of the happiest days
of my life.
And I could really use
some happy right now.
You know. bad divorce.
- Ah.
- Yeah.
- I got it.
-
What is that sound?
Oh. let me show you.
Bawk!
They're overflow
from the ranch.
We've been roosting them here.
I'll come by tomorrow
to collect them.
How fun.
Chickens? Fun?
Yeah! Leave 'em here!
I'll take care of them.
Uh. chickens are a lot of work.
I'm not afraid of work.
Okay. if you want.
I'll have my son. Dawson.
come by to get you up to speed.
He's an expert.
Okay. Great.
All right.
Good to see ya.
Hey. Don't tell me
you brought me lunch.
I won't.
'cause I didn't.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
I just thought
I'd stop by and say hi.
Uh-huh.
Okay. You got me.
It was all Kendra's idea.
That sounds like it. Yep.
You remember her cousin. Julie.
from Billings?
Yeah. Sure.
Got married last summer. right?
Uh. she called that off. actually.
Oh. Well...
I'm sorry to hear that.
Anyway. she's gonna be
visiting this weekend.
I thought you might want
to come over for a barbecue.
You're not trying
to set me up. are ya?
Absolutely.
I really wish
you wouldn't do that.
You told me you were ready
to start dating again.
No. that's not what I said.
I said I'm ready to start thinking
about dating again.
There's a big difference!
Julie's a fun girl.
Yeah. I'm sure
she's a fun girl.
She's also young.
She's never been a mom.
I got the boys.
And the evidence would suggest
that she's marriage-shy.
Boone. I'm not talking
about marriage.
I'm talking about a barbecue.
Look. Hutch.
I appreciate it.
I really do.
but if I'm gonna
walk through that door.
it's gotta feel right
going in.
That's all there is to it.
What you had with Corrie
was really special.
You make a lousy good ol' boy.
you know that?
Look who's talking!
Ah...
love ya anyway.
Take care.
♪ Headed down south
♪ With nothin'
but the stars above ♪
♪ This lonely night
I can't get through... ♪
Bingo.
You are a genius. Tara Kendall.
-
- Oh! Ow!
Or not.
Oh. that's a winner.
All right. boys.
Time for dinner.
Okay? Let's go. Come on.
That's good.
Squeezing the gloves. right?
So what'd you guys
get up to at day camp today?
Played baseball.
With girls. Boring.
Girls? What have you got
against girls?
There's only like
a dozen campers. Fletcher.
If they don't team us up
with the girls.
we can't play baseball
or anything.
We don't need to play baseball.
What?
Who are you and what
have you done with my son?
My kid loves baseball.
Nicole tagged him out
at home today.
Ahh.
I was safe!
Her mitt never touched me.
And if it had.
it would've been icky!
"Icky"? Let me
tell you something. young man.
One of these days.
you are going to like girls.
No. I won't.
- Mom was a girl. you know.
- Uh-huh.
No. she wasn't.
She was... a mom.
Mm.
You know what I miss about Mom?
- What's that. bud?
- Her spaghetti sauce.
What?
Are you saying
you don't like my sauce?
Mom's was better.
It's the same recipe!
It doesn't taste the same.
Well. how's it supposed
to taste?
I don't know.
more like Mom's.
May I be excused?
Yeah. Yeah. sure. Fletch.
Go ahead.
Any idea what's eating
your little brother?
Oh. you know.
Right.
He doesn't like it
when we talk about Mom.
I mean. it's sad
that she's gone and all.
but. like...
we should be able
to talk about her still.
Yeah. I agree. Absolutely.
We should be able
to talk about her.
But here's the thing. Griff.
Ahem. You're the older brother.
Fletch is always gonna be
playing catch-up.
so I think we just have to...
we have to be patient with him.
that's all.
Okay. I will.
I'm gonna go check
on your brother.
You finish up and then
clear the table. okay?
- Okay.
- Thattaboy.
Oh. yeah. and this time--
when you do the dishes.
put the dishes
in the dishwasher.
...Spinach. cabbage.
uh. ground-up eggshells.
Eggshells?
Isn't that
a little cannibalistic?
Not for the chickens.
I guess.
Uh. we'll be mixing up
a special batch for them
later in the week--
I could bring you some.
Yeah. that would be great. thanks.
So. um. are we raising them
to be eaten?
We usually just keep 'em
for the eggs.
Oh. okay.
well. I will too. then.
They're gonna lay a lot of 'em.
The local supply store will
buy the extras off of you.
While you're there.
I'd get yourself
a good pair of gloves.
'cause. this breed...
they like to bite.
Oh. Good to know.
You look like
you could use some help.
Thanks. I-I could.
Um. I am looking
for a pair of work gloves.
and I don't know
what kind to--
I'm sorry. Are you--
Are you Casey Elfman?
My clever disguise
fails again.
I'm sure you hear this a lot.
but I am a huge fan.
Well. I can
never hear it enough.
Now. what are you gonna be
doing in these work gloves?
Warding off chicken bites.
Ah!
Follow me.
- Hey. Leonard.
- Hey!
You got a new customer here.
Snag her a pair
of those heavy duty.
lifetime-guarantee work gloves.
You got it.
So you live here?
When I'm not on the road.
Parable's my safe-haven.
Yeah. That "safe-haven" being
a thousand-acre ranch.
She even has
a private runway for her jet.
So I can get here quicker
and stay longer.
And we wouldn't want it
any other way.
She's done us proud.
Aw.
I'm Tara. Tara Kendall.
by the way.
I'm spending the summer here.
Well. it's nice
to meet you. Tara.
- Yeah. welcome to Parable.
- Thanks.
Now. you take good care of her
now. Leonard. d'you hear?
I'll do my darnedest.
'Kay. See you later.
Bye.
Wow!
It's pretty cool. right?
So cool!
-
- Okay. okay!
Okay. you guys.
Sorry I'm late.
There you go.
Ow!
No! No-no-no-no!
No-no-no-no!
No. no.
Get back here!
Oh. no-no-no-no-no!
Come on.
Get back here.
let's go see your friends.
Come on.
No. no.
No. No. No. no. no.
Go this way. Go this way.
Come on.
Whoa! Almost. All right.
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. Come on.
Not underneath the truck!
Oh!
Okay. All right.
Come on.
You can do it!
Tch-tch-tch-tch.
She looks pretty comfortable
under there. huh?
Oh!
I'm-- I'm sorry. I--
No problem. No worries.
She can't go anywhere.
So. you. uh. you must be
renting Joanna's place?
Yes. For the summer.
Do you know the Barlows?
Oh. yeah. yeah.
you could say that.
This is Parable. ma'am.
Everybody knows everybody.
Well. then it's not "ma'am."
it's Tara.
Tara Kendall.
Tara. Nice to meet you.
I'm Boone Taylor.
This is my place.
Now. why do I feel like
I know you from somewhere?
The gas station.
the other day.
Yes. I remember--
uh. red convertible.
New York plates?
You will be pleased to know
that I escaped
with my purse unsnatched.
Oh. I am pleased. yeah.
Because if it had been snatched.
it'd make
a lot of extra work for me.
I'd have to hunt the guy down.
bring him to justice...
and just imagine
all the paperwork.
Oh. you don't like your job?
I like fishing better.
Mm.
Ooh!
What happened to your hand?
Oh. uh. chicken bit me.
Yeah. you need gloves
with that breed.
Yeah. I forgot to put them on.
Still getting the hang
of poultry management.
Why don't you just get
the Barlows
to take the chickens
off your hands?
I am in the country
for the summer.
and I'm gonna do
country things.
Okay. well. let's. uh.
let's see if we can
get this chicken.
Come here.
Where'd you go?
There we go!
Now. you think you can
get this bad boy home safe?
I will give it
the old college try.
All right.
the important part here
is to try
and hold it tight enough
so it can't fly away.
but not so tight
that you smother it.
There you go! Perfect.
Hey. Well. thank you
for saving the day.
It's fine. Of course.
Oh. uh. you should
give me your e-mail.
My e-mail?
Yeah. then I'll give you mine
and my cell phone number.
I think folks around here
ought to have a way
to get ahold of one another.
Of course.
Uh. mine is
tkendall@nyftu.org.
"NYFTU..."
I don't know that one.
Uh. "New York
Federated Teachers' Union."
So you're a teacher!
Oh. that's would explain
the summer rental.
Well. excellent detective work. Sheriff.
Oh. I've been known
to summon the chops
from time to time.
As long as it doesn't interfere
with your fishing?
All right. well.
we'll be on our way.
- Okay.
- Thanks again.
Bye.
Good luck!
Hi. buddy.
Joanna!
- Hey. you.
- Hey.
How's everything going?
Well. I figured out
how the gas works.
I've stopped looking for
the New York Times
on the front porch
every morning.
a chicken hasn't
bitten me in days--
although. I have been tempted
to bite a few of them.
Well. if anything comes up
that needs tending.
you let me know.
I love to ride and--
are there stables in the area
that I could rent a horse?
Uh. not that I know of.
but you're more than welcome
to come to the ranch
and ride one of ours.
Oh. I wouldn't
want to impose.
Please. it would not be
an imposition at all.
Although. you know.
Boone Taylor has horses.
and he lives
right next door to you.
Oh. yeah.
I've seen his horses.
Do you think he'd rent me one?
Not in a million years!
But he'd let you ride one.
You should get to know him.
He's a nice guy.
Oh. we've met.
Um. but let me
ask you something.
I've seen two boys...
Oh. Yeah.
Griffin and Fletcher.
But no mom.
Is he divorced?
He's widowed.
Three years now.
Oh. that's awful.
Yeah. Corrie
was pretty wonderful.
We all loved her.
Well. I should go.
It was really good
to see you. Tara.
You. too.
Hey!
If you're not doing anything
Friday night.
I recommend you get yourself
to the Parable Saloon.
How come?
Casey Elfman is working on
material for her next album.
Wow. uh...
yeah. I'm not missing that.
Good!
Okay. we'll see you there.
- Thanks! Bye.
- Bye.
Erin! Hi.
Hi. Tara.
See? I'm trying.
What's up?
Uh. I just came in from a ride
and I was thinking about you.
How are you?
Not great.
What's going on?
Dad wants to send me to camp.
Oh. that could be fun.
It's in Maine.
For six weeks.
Oh.
The whole point
of you going away
is for me to spend time
with Dad and Bethany.
but now they want
to get rid of me.
I'm sure that's not true.
Yes. it is.
Can you please talk to him?
Erin...
Please?
No. I can't.
You guys have to work
these things out on your own.
I'll be miserable
in Maine.
Then tell your dad
that you don't want to.
If Bethany becomes my new mom.
I'm going to die.
No. you won't.
You'll be fine.
I promise you.
I just miss you so much.
I miss you. too.
I should probably go.
The new nanny's probably coming
to pick me up.
Okay. I'll talk to you later.
Okay. Bye.
Bye-bye. sweetheart.
Hello?
Boone? It's Tara.
There's someone in my house.
Okay. well. go outside.
I'll be right there.
You all right?
Yeah. I am. He's inside.
You saw him?
No. I could hear him.
I think he's in the kitchen.
Okay. you stay right here.
Okay. Be careful!
Yes.
It's Hiram.
Who's Hiram?
I'm goin' in.
- Be careful!
- Shh! Quiet.
Well. that should do it.
Shooed him out the back door.
What? You didn't arrest him?
I was going to. but...
he's a raccoon.
so it'd be weird--
tiny handcuffs.
Oh. come on!
Should we go take a look?
Yes.
I thought it was funny.
Come on!
Well. at least
he hasn't learned
how to open
the refrigerator yet.
He does this a lot?
Whenever opportunity
presents itself.
The. uh. the latch on the window
that he came through
must be broken.
I can't believe
I was so scared of a raccoon.
Oh. I wouldn't be embarrassed
about that.
I'll bet you
that if I was in New York
and heard a bunch of
weird noises like that.
I'd be just as rattled.
Back there. in New York.
I am universally acknowledged
for my savvy and competence.
Here... not so much.
Ah. you'll get the hang of it.
Thank you for saving the day.
Again.
Apparently. your new job
is to run interference
with me
and Parable's animal kingdom.
Don't worry about it.
it's my pleasure.
Ah. what do you say we start
cleaning up this mess?
Oh. no. no. no. no.
You should get back
to your boys.
- You sure?
- Yeah. Yeah. I got this.
Let me walk you out.
I won't argue with you.
All right.
- Hey!
- Dad. where were you?
There was
an emergency next door.
What're you guys doing up?
Fletcher had
one of his nightmares.
Oh. buddy.
Come here.
Ohh...
it's like picking up
a baby rhino now.
You're getting so big.
I made him warm milk
like you do. Dad.
Oh. Best brother
in the world. hmm?
Listen. Fletch.
Everybody has nightmares.
Do you?
Yes! Of course I do.
Yeah. It's just...
just part of life. you know?
But here's the thing
that you have to remember
about nightmares.
and this is
really important. okay?
You always wake up.
And when you do.
everything's gonna be okay.
And your brother and I
will always be there
to make sure
that everything is okay.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
- You got it?
Now. it's late.
You guys got to
get to bed. okay?
Off you go! Boom.
Goodnight!
Goodnight.
Found this on the bookshelf.
I bet it was your grandfather's.
You should give it a try.
I don't think
that's on my reading list.
I'm sure it's not!
Kind of looks like Montana.
It's a Western.
It's a whole genre--
cowboys. shoot-'em-ups--
they can be a lot of fun.
More eggs?
Oh. yes. please.
Thank you.
Thanks again for the book.
I'll return it when I'm done.
Oh. no rush.
And your grandfather
has a whole collection of those.
if you want to read more.
Oh. cool!
Hey. guys!
Hey. Dawson.
How you doin'. bud?
I'm good.
How are you guys?
- Good.
- Good to see you.
Good morning. Boone.
Good morning. Tara.
Uh. I would like
to introduce you
to Fletcher and Griffin.
- Boys. this is Tara.
- Ma'am.
Pleasure to meet you. boys.
Uh. a little something came up
this morning.
and I was hoping that maybe
I could ask a favor.
Of course.
I have a court appearance
in Missoula today.
Did the lawman break the law?
No. But a fella
who had one too many
and took his truck
for a spin did.
How can I help?
Well. they up and canceled
day camp today.
and I really didn't want
to leave the boys at home
by themselves.
- We'll be fine. Dad!
- Zip it.
I would be delighted
to have some company.
I've made a fresh pitcher
of lemonade.
I don't like lemonade.
It's too sweet.
Well. you'll like mine. then.
because it's just sweet enough.
Well. there you go.
All right. you two.
You behave.
Thank you.
Good luck!
Come on. boys.
All right.
What do you want to do?
I'm glad you like it.
Not too sweet?
No. It's good.
Do you have any threes?
Ah. let's see.
Yes.
I win.
Again?
Now I know
why you taught me this game.
Our mom taught it to us.
I wish I had the chance
to play it with her.
She would've beat you.
Every time.
I'm sure she would have.
You must miss her.
I do. All the time.
But "she loved us very much.
and she wouldn't have left us
for anything in the world.
if she could've helped it."
My dad told us that.
I'm sure she wouldn't have.
We're doing just fine.
Not every family has a mom.
you know.
We're not that unusual.
That's true.
I still miss her.
Of course. you do.
Another game?
Sure. but I am still
not playing for money.
-
- Hey. Dad.
Hey. boys.
House is still standing.
That's a good sign.
Race ya.
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Boys!
What do you say?
- Thank you. ma'am!
- Thanks. Tara.
-
- Anytime!
They're good boys.
Yeah. I think so.
They act like tough guys.
but they're really
a couple of softies at heart.
I guess they take after
their mother.
So. was justice served
in Missoula?
Gotta wait for
the jury to weigh in.
but I did my part.
But now...
I'm gonna fix
that broken window latch.
You don't have to do that.
Oh. I know I don't.
but can't Hiram or his friends
waking you up--
I need my sleep.
Don't worry.
it'll just take a minute.
But I'm thinking that maybe...
yeah.
Yeah. it's gonna cost you.
Oh?
Yeah. I wanna see how unsweet
that lemonade really is.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah.
Yeah? All right.
Well. um. right this way.
Great. So. really. the kids--
the kids were behaved?
Now. that
is what I'm talkin' about.
Too much sugar's
a deal-breaker.
Amen to that!
Ooh. that's good.
Joanna told me
about your wife.
and the boys and I talked
about it a bit today.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
That must have been hard.
Yeah.
Yeah. it was.
But. you know.
it's been a while and. um...
...well. things are starting
to get a little bit better.
Anyway. how about you?
You. uh. you ever been married?
Yeah.
Uh. divorced now.
Ah.
It got pretty ugly.
Now that sounds hard.
It's pretty complicated with...
with me and James.
That's my ex.
We share a daughter together.
it--
his daughter. technically.
from--
from a previous marriage.
but she was so little
when her mom died.
she doesn't...
she doesn't remember.
I'm the only mother
she's ever known.
It's gonna be hard
to be that mom.
now that you're divorced.
Yeah.
That's what hurts the most.
I have a question. Boone.
Hmm?
Those beautiful horses
of yours...
I love to ride.
and. um. well.
I was wondering if. um.
if you would consider renting me
one from time to time?
No. no. Not in a million years.
I don't rent horses.
Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't--
But if you wanna take one
for a ride sometime.
come on by.
Okay. it wasn't that funny.
Joanna told me
that you would say that.
Well. so much
for the man of mystery. huh?
Thank you for watching the boys.
Well. thank you
for fixing the latch.
To protect and serve. ma'am.
It's the lawman's code.
Oh!
You should get yourself
to the saloon on Friday night.
I know. Casey Elfman.
- Joanna told me.
- Ah.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
See you there.
- See you there.
- Okay.
Hey! You made it!
Oh. I wouldn't have
missed this for the world.
- Boone.
- Hey. Tara. How're you doing?
Everyone...
this is Tara Kendall.
She's renting Mom and Dad's
place for the summer.
- Hi.
Slade Barlow.
and I'm shackled to this one.
And grateful
every day of his life for it.
Hutch Carmody.
My wife. Kendra.
Ahh. This is stunning.
Thank you.
Nice to meet you all.
I didn't miss anything.
did I?
- No.
- Nope.
Just. uh. just in time.
Here she comes.
Howdy. neighbors!
Hey! Thanks for comin' out.
I'm gonna sing
some new songs for you tonight.
but first. I'm gonna
butter you up
with some oldies-but-goodies.
♪ Ooh. yeah
♪ Feeling VIP ♪
♪ About to swim in the sea
♪ Of smooth bourbon chasers
and the bar-stool queens ♪
♪ I got no stress
♪ In my Saturday dress
♪ Mrs. Sippy Struttin'
'cause I'm here to impress... ♪
You wanna...
you want to dance?
Oh... dancing's
not my strong suit.
♪ ...Red-rope velvet
with lipstick and lace... ♪
Tell you what.
Why don't we just go out there
and stomp all over
each other's toes. then?
Come on! It'll be fun!
♪ See me rollin'
♪ See me strollin'
♪ I'm makin' waves
♪ Cat walkin'
♪ Fast talkin'
♪ No holdin' back
♪ That's my destiny calling
♪ The sun never sets
in the new wild west ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm knee deep in neon
and I got no regrets ♪
♪ And as soon as
I step on the scene ♪
♪ Red-rope velvet
with lipstick and lace ♪
♪ Just a millennial girl
in a brand-new age... ♪
Okay. lovebirds.
Here's a new one for you--
a straight-from-the-heart
don't-you-ever-let-go-of-me
song.
♪ Ooh
♪ Ooh. yeah
♪ We used to sit on the porch
with your arms around me... ♪
I think. um.
I'm gonna sit this one out.
Sure.
Of course. Um...
I was just gonna go get a beer.
Do you want anything?
I'm good. Thanks.
- You sure?
- Yeah. Sure.
All right.
♪ You're sleeping on the couch
like we're broken up ♪
♪ It's getting tough
♪ Are you giving up?
♪ Cryin' myself
to sleep at night ♪
♪ Wondering if I'm good enough
♪ What if I run
♪ What if I stay?
♪ What if we take the time
To work it out ♪
♪ And not let it slip away?
♪ What if I try
♪ And what if it hurts?
♪ What if we lay it on the line
this time ♪
♪ Ain't that what we deserve?
♪ What if I...
♪ Walk away?
♪ What if I stay?
if you're still
interested in ridin'.
I would love to.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Okay. great.
Um... nine in the morning?
Sure. Yeah.
Perfect. See you then.
Night. everybody.
Goodnight.
See ya. Boone.
Babe. Dawson's gonna worry
if we stay out past midnight.
I will bring some of Dawson's
magic chicken feed tomorrow.
if that's okay?
Yeah. oh. yeah.
that'd be wonderful.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye!
- Hey. babe?
- Yeah?
Why don't you just. uh...
go ahead
and I will meet up with you
in just a sec?
- Okay.
-
Goodnight.
Well?
Uh...
"well" what?
You and Boone.
Me and Boone?
There's no "me and Boone".
Well. it looks like
there could be.
Because we danced?
I have not seen Boone dance
with anyone in a long while.
I just got out of
a terrible divorce
a little over
a year ago. Kendra.
I'm not looking
to get involved with anyone.
This does not
have to be a "forever" thing.
especially seeing as you're only
here until September.
I came to Parable
to unclutter my life.
The last thing I need
is a romantic complication.
All right. fine.
Fair enough.
But thanks for not saying
it's none of my darn business!
It was really great meeting you.
You too.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Morning. boys.
Hi. Tara.
- Hey there.
- Hey.
So. this morning.
you get your choice.
but I gotta be honest.
I gotta warn ya.
Bert...
he's a little ornery.
And Ernie here.
he's even worse.
Hmm.
You don't scare me. Ernie...
Ah-hah!
And I have a soft spot
for gingers.
Well. then. Ernie it is.
Uh. any good places
to ride?
Yeah. there's a good trail
behind the house--
winds down to the river.
it's a nice run.
Oh. excellent.
Whoa. Uh...
Any. uh. signposts
I should look for along the way?
I'm definitely going with you.
and I can ride that run
in my sleep.
I'm an experienced rider. Boone.
I don't need a wrangler.
Oh. no. no. no.
It's not for you.
No. it's for Bert.
Yeah. if Ernie takes off
without him.
he's gonna get all jealous--
we can't have that.
Seriously?
Oh. yeah. Right. boys?
True. Tara!
We always ride 'em together.
Always ride 'em together.
Well. you better keep up...
'cause I don't like
being slowed down.
Oh. is that right?
That's right.
- I'll do my best!
- All right. Keep up!
Let's go.
Wow. She can really ride.
She sure can.
This is so beautiful.
Yeah. I never do
get tired of it.
You know.
the first day I was here.
Joanna asked me if--
if I'd come for the views.
In a way. I did.
How did you know
they were here to be seen?
Well. I came here
to Whisper Creek
for a few weeks
when I was 12.
Ah...
Those weeks.
I've carried them with me.
When I closed my eyes.
I would...
I would see this place.
You know. it carried me through
a lot of rough times.
Yeah. I know
what you're talking about.
This place. this land.
it just gets in your blood.
Now. I don't know about you. but...
riding makes me hungry.
Oh. yeah. me too.
Oh!
I'm so happy you said that.
No. you didn't!
Oh. yes. I did.
Thank you so much
for today.
Oh. my gosh. I just--
I love to ride.
You can tell.
You sit a horse as well
as anyone I've ever seen.
Well. I might be useless
around chickens or raccoons.
but I-- I have been riding
most of my life.
Well. since I came here
as a little girl.
Those first couple of rides.
there's nothing quite like it.
Nope.
No. there surely isn't.
Listen. um...
tell me.
How do you feel
about fish?
I love seafood.
No. no. no.
Not eatin' 'em...
catchin' 'em.
Oh. uh. well. I--
I don't know. I've never tried.
I was gonna go tomorrow.
You could come--
show you how to do it?
Sure. I-I could do that.
Um. oh.
but I refuse to touch worms.
Pathetic city girl.
Come on.
I'll walk you outta here.
Hey!
Hey! I brought some feed.
Thanks.
So? How was the ride?
It was pretty great.
Boone rode with me.
Oh. right. "Bert and Ernie."
They do not like
to be separated.
No. they don't.
You know what he did
that was so sweet?
He brought along
a lunch that he'd made.
Oh. He's a thoughtful guy.
Yeah. and the other day.
he-he fixed that broken window.
without me even asking.
You know. it has been
a long time
since a man's done
nice things for me.
You're starting
to fall for him.
I-I could. I could.
I really could.
But... I can't.
Why not?
Uh. because I'm--
I'm here to regroup.
T-To heal.
Well. maybe
he can help you do that.
I need to do it on my own.
Well. it's going to be hard
to avoid him--
him living right next door
to you and all.
I know!
- I mean...
- "I mean" what?
I-- I--
He asked me to go fishing
with him tomorrow.
and I said yes.
Is that right?
Why did I do that?
I know I should keep him
at an arm's length.
I know I should.
Well. it sounds to me
like you are not at all sure
about what it is you know.
or what you want.
No. I'm not.
I'm not sure at all.
Oh. that's only because
you haven't caught anything yet.
Do you catch a lot?
Most days?
Nothing at all.
But I'm not doing this
for the fish.
For me. this is...
this is meditation.
Yeah. I can see that.
Yeah.
Tell me about Corrie.
What was she like?
My wife...
was so full of life.
She really was.
She just lit up.
Every single day.
she just lit up.
We were partners.
Best friends.
right from the get-go.
That's the relationship
I was hoping--
wanted--
...expected to have
with James.
No matter how much I gave.
I got next to nothing in return.
It sounds like you're blaming
yourself for the divorce.
Sometimes. it's hard not to.
But no. I don't.
Good. You shouldn't.
You have a strange effect
on me. Boone Taylor.
Do I? "Strange." huh?
"Strange" good?
Well. when you're interested
in a man.
you probably shouldn't
talk to him
about your failed marriage.
yet here I am.
I'm sorry. you lost me when
you said "interested in a man."
Are you?
I am.
Whoa. oh. oh. you got one.
you got one.
You got one!
There you go.
Pull it in. pull it in.
That's it.
You gotta reel it in!
You gotta hold on to the rod.
No. you're doing great!
Just reel it in. Pull it in.
Yeah.
Okay. hold on.
I gotta get the net!
Bring him in. bring him in!
There you go!
- Look at that!
You caught your first fish!
Right?
Congratulations.
That was fantastic.
Hello. James.
Tara. hey!
Great to hear your voice.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Uh. why are you calling?
Well. it's... it's Erin.
Is everything okay?
Not really.
She just chased off
the fourth nanny
in three weeks.
and now the agency is refusing
to send anyone else.
Well. she's getting
a little old to have a nanny.
She's almost 13.
Yeah. I know. It's...
it's not just that.
It's Bethany--
Erin's being just awful to her.
I thought.
with me out of the picture.
this was their time to bond.
Yeah. that's what I was hoping.
but it's not exactly
working out that way.
James. you want something.
You wouldn't be calling
if you didn't.
so just tell me what it is.
Erin and Bethany. they need a--
a break from each other.
and Beth and I need
some time together.
just the two of us.
without. you know...
...Without your daughter
getting underfoot?
I get it. and that's why
you wanted to send her to camp.
Oh! You--
You know about that?
Erin and I may not be able
to see each other. James.
but we still talk.
Of course. you do.
Okay! There you go.
I was thinking that you might
enjoy a visit from her.
It was her idea. actually.
A couple weeks in the country--
maybe longer?
Might be good for her.
I-- I could do that.
Really? 'Cause I can get her
on a plane Tuesday.
or-or Wednesday.
if that works?
Yeah. either.
Either works fine.
That would be amazing.
I'll have my office
make all the arrangements
and send you the details.
Thank you so much. Tara.
I-I really appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Yes!
♪ Let's make a pact
♪ There's no going back
♪ We're leaving
all this fear behind ♪
♪ Let's make it last
♪ Present not past
♪ Stay right here
and we'll be fine ♪
♪ Come on. darling
♪ I'll drive me
and you drive you ♪
♪ Down this highway
we'll cruise ♪
♪ Look at all the sights
we'll see ♪
♪ We can be anything
we want to be ♪
♪ Create a world
where we are free ♪
♪ I think we're ready
So. that man
that helped me with my bags--
was he a real cowboy?
The genuine article.
How do you know?
Because he stepped up
and helped without being asked.
So... what do you think?
It's awesome.
Bawk!
What's that noise?
Oh. those are the chickens.
It's way past
their feeding time.
They're probably suffering
from low-blood sugar.
- Seriously?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh. We got company.
- Oh. hey. guys!
- Hi there.
The boys saw you drive up
and they just had
to come and say hi.
Hi. I'm Fletcher.
This is Griffin.
I'm Erin.
Dad says
you're like Tara's daughter.
but not her daughter?
Ooh...
Awkward. buddy!
Sorry!
Kind of.
It's a long story.
Okay. can I help you
with the luggage?
- Sure.
- Great.
Uh... Here we go.
Automatic. All right.
Oh!
Okay.
Let me help you
with one of those.
They're heavy.
No. no. it's fine.
It's balanced this way.
These both hers?
Yeah.
She's planning on
staying a while.
I hope so.
What happened
to the convertible?
I traded it in.
Didn't feel right anymore.
Your dad's a real cowboy.
Oh. yeah. Definitely.
I'm glad. too.
Or make me
hang out with Bethany.
It know it's hard having
a new woman in your dad's life
and learning to get along
with her.
but it will be
so much better for you.
if you do.
I mean...
you should at least try.
I guess.
Oh! Do you remember
my friend Savannah?
Yeah. of course.
Well. she got a nose stud
and it looks awesome.
Is that right?
Yeah. So...
I was thinking. while I'm here.
why don't I get one. too?
My answer was "no" in New York.
and it's "no" now.
not without your dad's consent.
He didn't even want you to get
your ears pierced. remember?
Well. Dad doesn't even care
what I do anymore.
Well. I do.
Boone seems like a nice guy.
He is.
Are you guys. like. dating?
No. Not really.
Just friends.
"Not really"?
He invited us over
for a barbecue this weekend.
You'll get to meet
some of my other new friends.
- Cool.
- Mm-hmm.
Too lazy to walk over here
and talk to me in person?
I wasn't invited.
I'm about to turn in.
Yeah. I think
I might do the same thing.
She's out cold.
Fell asleep as soon
her head hit the pillow.
Well. of course. she did.
She traveled 2.000 miles today
without benefit
of covered wagon.
Hey. what can we bring
to the barbecue?
I make a killer
red cabbage coleslaw.
Oh. yeah. bring that.
That sounds fantastic.
Well. um...
goodnight.
Goodnight.
Thank you.
Tara!
- Hi!
- Hi.
I am still buzzing from
that show you did at the saloon.
Oh. me too.
Now. how are things going
with your step-daughter?
News travels fast
in a small town.
Because we're desperate for it.
We're having a great time.
She's out riding
with Griffin Taylor right now.
Oh. good for her.
Yeah.
I have to admit. though.
it's bittersweet
having her here.
Why's that?
Well. she's only here
because it suits my ex. James.
Ah. One of those.
The kind of man I like to call
"Controllo".
It's always their way
or the highway.
Yeah. That would be James.
Oh. they can charm
the pants off you at first.
make you feel like you're
the center of the universe.
but once
they got you hooked--
bam!
...the other shoe drops.
Hmph. Yeah. I can relate.
Problem is.
those are the kind of guys
I'm attracted to--
someone who's
as strong-willed as I am.
Mm. That is a problem.
Still...
might be nice to have
a kind. considerate sweetheart
to come home to.
Who knows?
Okay. is everyone in Parable
a matchmaker?
Well. we look out for our own.
-
- Good afternoon. ladies.
I've got two-and-a-half dozen
for you today. Leonard.
Okay.
I'll put it on your account.
I'll see you later. sweetie.
Okay. Try some.
And... the verdict is?
This rocks!
You make the best coleslaw...
"Tara."
See? It's getting easier
to say. isn't it?
Not even a little bit.
Now let's go meet Dawson!
Nice hit. Dawson!
That's my boy.
Well. that wasn't very good.
Not very good?
That was pathetic! Boomerang.
Let's try that one more time.
I'm gonna help you
a little bit more.
- Okay.
- Okay. here we go.
Get a nice. smooth stroke going.
That's it.
And. at the top of the arc.
you let it go.
Here we go...
- Oh!
-
- Oh. yeah!
Yes!
- Babe.
- Thank you.
No problemo.
Try not to burn the next ones.
Okay. I never burn them!
He always burns them.
It looks like soccer's
made its way into Parable.
Not quite.
Dawson tried
to put a team together--
no luck.
Mm. It's pretty hard
to field any kind of team
with a school
as small as ours.
Mm. And speaking of school--
I can't believe the wonders
that you have worked on my boy.
You know. I caught him
reading under the covers
the other day?
The Count of Monte Cristo.
Uh. you got Dawson reading?
I just pointed him
towards the books
I thought he might like.
Aw. do you think you could
get Hutch to read next?
Oh. then she really would be
a wonder-worker.
Yeah. she would be.
You know. I thought about
being a teacher
when I was younger.
Truth is. the thought
of facing a room full of kids
every day
scared the heck out of me.
Oh. it can be daunting.
for sure.
but when it clicks...
that's the rewarding part.
and that's why I do it.
but it's the other stuff
that drives you nuts--
the endless staff meetings.
budget crunches.
school-board interference.
Oh. we don't have
any of that here.
Well. not a lot anyway.
I basically am
the school board.
Whoa!
Hoo. hoo. hoo. hoo!
It's on!
This is on.
- It is on!
- Yep. it is on.
Where are you going?
Mom?
So. Dawson wanted to know
if I can go see the movies
with him later this week?
Can I?
I don't see why not.
All right. 'kay. listen to me.
I gotta know.
Know what?
Have you asked her out yet?
Yeah. well. we went. uh...
went riding. went fishin'.
Ladies like to be
wined and dined. Boone.
Well. sometimes. yes.
but not always.
Oh. now you're an expert
on women?
I'm just trying to get to know
and understand this one.
Oh. boy.
You're serious about her.
I guess I am.
You know...
she's not what you think she is.
at first glance.
City-slicker?
Come on. guys.
No. no. she's. um...
She's got real heart. you know?
She's got grit.
And she's smart as a whip.
Man. can she ride!
You know. I think we used
to know a woman just like that.
You're right.
Corrie would've
liked her a lot.
I think she'd be rooting
for you. pal.
All right. then.
You guys are too soft--
too soft.
Hey there.
You should. uh. you should
take some of these leftovers.
'cause I don't think
the boys and I are
gonna get through all this.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
I had a really nice time
today. Boone.
Yeah. I did. too.
Come on. let's get you
some more food. all right?
Yeah.
Can you brush my hair.
like you used to?
Sure.
Today was fun.
It sure was.
You really like it here.
don't you?
I love it here.
Don't you?
I guess.
What is it?
When summer's over.
you're coming back
to New York. right?
Of course.
I'm coming back.
You won't let Boone
talk you into staying?
Boone?
I see the way you guys
look at each other.
I told you. he's...
he's just a friend.
Even if he does love you?
He doesn't love me.
Well. he's never gonna love you
as much as I do.
Oh.
Sweetheart. you are
the heart and soul of me.
Nothing's ever
gonna change that.
Not Boone. not anyone.
All right? Come here.
I know you like her. Dad.
Oh. do you. now?
I like her. too.
I don't.
You like her
even though she's a girl?
Moms aren't girls.
She's not our mom!
Griff. Hey.
Uh. listen. pal. you just finish
brushing your teeth. okay?
Get in bed. I'll come tuck
you in in a minute. all right?
- Okay.
- Thattaboy.
Wanna talk about it?
Tch.
Come here. Come on.
You hate the idea
of someone taking
your mom's place.
I know.
I know because I have...
felt that way
for a very long time. myself.
You see...
your mom
was so special.
She just loved us.
That's all.
She plain old loved us.
No ifs. ands. or buts.
If we were happy.
she was happy.
You didn't know this. though...
...after your mom got sick.
we used to have these talks--
late at night.
just the two of us.
after you guys went to bed.
Oh. she made me laugh.
talking about all the good times
that we'd had.
And she made me promise her
that I would always
keep this house
full of love and fun.
And she said...
"Babe.
don't you spend
the rest of your life
pining for me.
You go live your life."
Did she really say that?
She did. bud.
And she meant it. too.
I didn't mean
what I said before.
I do like Tara.
I know you do.
But you don't have to worry.
She's not aiming
to be anybody's new mom.
Not anytime soon.
I'll still never forget Mom.
Not ever.
Attaboy.
Hey!
- Whoa...
-
- Afternoon.
Um. ahem. so...
just as I was
congratulating myself
on how on top of things
I was getting.
and how I was never gonna
have to ask my neighbor
for help for anything
ever again...
What's wrong?
A problem with my water.
Okay. Sure.
Let's have a look.
Oh!
Hey. Boone Taylor.
Are you a closet
abstract expressionist?
Is it that bad? Really?
Ah. they look like floor plans.
Yeah. I used to love doing
stuff like this. you know?
Coming up with an idea
and then bringing it to life.
Yeah. Haven't done that
in a long time.
We should see about that water.
Okay.
Show me.
That was so funny.
Yeah. kinda
unrealistic. though.
It was a movie.
My favorite part
was the car chase.
Yeah. That was cool.
Yeah.
What time
does Tara pick you up at?
Not for a bit.
Wanna get some ice cream?
Yeah. sounds great.
Hmm.
What's the matter with it?
That's a good question. Uh...
Hmm.
That.
That is the problem.
Come on.
Wow. This is awesome.
Yeah. I think so.
but I don't really have much
to compare it to.
It's as good as anything
I've had in New York. for sure.
Wow. New York.
Just the idea of it
makes me nervous.
It's not as scary as it looks.
You always lived there?
Born and raised.
Wow. Same here.
Uh. born and raised here.
not there.
Thanks for the clarification.
Had me confused there.
Do we fix it?
Well. the pipe's
gonna need to be replaced.
I can talk to Joanna
about that.
I patched it
with some plumber's tape.
That ought to hold it
for a while.
You just happened
to have plumber's tape?
What kinda handyman
do you take me for?
Of course. I got plumber's tape.
Will you show me how to do it?
In case it happens again?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I can do that.
We should go inside
and. um. cool off.
I agree.
Okay. let's go.
Ahem.
So. uh...
Boone's boys tell me
that Tara's not really your mom.
Well. she married my dad
when I was little. so...
she's more like my mom
than my stepmom.
It's... complicated.
Yeah. they told me that. too.
You know. the divorce?
It's the worst.
Ahh. That is so good.
Mm.
Here. Wash off.
I'll... pour you another.
Thank you.
Are you sure
you don't want me to wait?
No. Tara's never late.
Um. I'd stay.
but I have chores.
What?
Chores. Just sounds...
...Parable?
Thanks for the movie.
And the ice cream.
Yeah. of course.
Thanks for. you know.
coming along with me.
Maybe we could do it again
sometime?
Yeah. that'd be awesome.
Uh. you said
something about chores?
Yeah! Yeah. You're right. Chores.
I'd better get to that.
Well...
it was really nice to see you.
- Yeah.
- Bye.
Bye.
You...
you missed a spot.
Oh. did I? Where?
Right... right here.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Any better?
Little bit. yeah.
Listen...
I've been meaning to ask you...
any more. uh...
raccoon home invasions?
Just the one.
Good.
I make sure
to latch the windows.
Well. you can never
be too careful.
Hoo...
It's been a while
since I've done that.
Yeah.
Me too.
Hmm.
Felt pretty good. though.
Mm-hmm. Yes.
It did.
-
Oh.
- Ahem.
It's... I'm supposed
to pick up Erin.
Uh. she's--
she went to the movies
with Dawson.
Dawson's a good kid.
Um. I guess I'll let you
get to it. then.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh...
I will come by later
with some more plumber's tape.
I'll show you how to do it.
Thanks. Yeah.
Yeah.
Right. Gotta go.
Uh. Tara!
- Hey!
- Hi. Kendra!
Hi.
Hi!
This is fate.
I was just gonna call you.
Oh? What's up?
Well. one of our teachers
got married in June.
Oh. that's nice.
Yeah. but now she's moving
and we have to replace her.
Are you interested?
- In teaching?
- Yeah.
- Here?
- Yes!
Now. we can't pay as well as
you would get paid in New York.
but our cost of living
is so much lower.
and we have
super-small class sizes.
and you would have
a super-supportive school board.
who'd always have your back.
Hmm.
How much time
did you spend on this pitch?
Oh...
It's pretty good though. right?
It's good.
But I have a job
back in New York
and-and a lease
and a social life.
and a daughter
that I need to be near to.
And endless staff meetings.
budget crunches...
...painful memories.
Oh. stop it!
You're tempting me.
Oh!
I had to ask.
And I appreciate it.
Well. we appreciate you.
You know. you have made
a whole lot of friends
in a real short time.
You should know that.
Thank you. and I...
I feel the same way.
Good.
Well. you enjoy
rest of your day.
- Thank you. You too.
- Thanks. I will.
Think about it!
Hey!
Hey.
Shouldn't you be out tracking
rustlers and horse thieves?
Ah. it's a lot of paperwork.
Anyway. it's my lunchbreak
and. uh...
well. I really just wanted
to bring you those.
Oh. Wow. Thank you.
They're beautiful.
I was just wondering that--
you know. maybe if you...
weren't busy--
I mean. obviously. you're busy.
but if you weren't busy
at some point.
maybe you would want
to go out-- with me...
This is going badly!
Um. I can do
way better than this.
Are you-- Are you asking me
out on a date?
Yes. ma'am. I am trying.
Should we really
be doing this?
I don't know. I can't really
think of any reason why not.
The problem is.
I could
really fall for you. Boone.
I...
to be honest.
I think I already have.
Well. I'd be lying
if I didn't say
that was truly wonderful
to hear.
And as wonderful
as it is to say. I...
I don't know
that I'm ready for it.
Hmm.
Well...
I don't know.
That kiss the other day
felt pretty ready to me.
It's not
that I don't want to try.
with you.
I do.
I'm just...
I'm scared.
So am I.
I am very scared.
Look.
Why don't we just take it
one date at a time?
I could do that.
So it's a date?
It's a date.
Hot dang!
I'm glad you like the flowers.
Me too.
Okay. I'll see you soon.
Okay.
Tara?
What is it. sweetheart?
What's the matter?
It's from Dad.
Oh. honey. come here.
It's gonna be okay.
Tara. hey.
You're getting married?
Yeah. I am.
Next week.
It's-- it's kinda crazy. right?
This isn't right. James.
Okay. I know
you're still mourning
our marriage--
No. no. no. no. Don't. Don't.
This isn't about us.
This is about Erin.
Oh! You--
Right.
Look. I'm sorry to cut
your little visit short.
but obviously. we're not gonna
get married without her here.
Did it occur to you.
even for a second.
that sending your daughter
an e-mail
with this monumental
piece of news might be...
insensitive?
Oh. come on.
you know kids today.
They never answer their phones.
She's really upset. James.
She's over-reacting!
That's what
11-year-old girls do.
She's 13.
Okay. you know what I mean.
Are you even thinking
about her at all?
What this means to.
and for. her?
You should've called her.
talked to her before y--
Okay. you know what?
We're not--
We're not doing this. okay?
I'm not gonna argue
with you about this.
This is happening. okay?
So just get her on that plane.
like I asked you.
My office will send
all the info.
I can't believe
he's doing this.
Sometimes.
people get caught up
in their own lives
and they don't think about
how their actions affect others.
Not "people". Dad.
I know. He could've
handled this better.
It's just awful.
I was hoping...
Hoping what?
That when you came back
to New York.
Dad would see you and figure
it's really you he loves.
Oh. Erin. no.
Your father and I aren't
getting back together.
But you love each other.
We did. but things change
between people.
and they did
with your father and me.
But one thing never changed.
and never will...
we both love you.
All I want
is for us to be a family.
I know.
Erin. we are family.
You and I
will always be family.
Can't I stay here with you?
I really love it here.
And Bethany doesn't want me!
Her and Dad will send me
off to boarding school.
It's not my decision to make.
I don't want Dad and Bethany
to get married!
Bethany couldn't care less
about me.
To her.
I'm just a complication.
To all of you!
Erin?
I made you something to eat.
I'm not hungry!
Honey. are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'll put your plate
in the fridge.
if you're hungry later.
Boone. Hi.
The boys talked me into
making cookies for dessert
so I thought you and Erin
would like the overflow.
How. um...
how thoughtful.
You. uh...
packing up your stuff?
I am so sorry. but...
I'm leaving.
What do you mean. leaving?
I'm going back to New York.
When?
Tomorrow.
if I can get it together.
Well. when did you decide that?
I'm still deciding.
Things are just happening
so fast.
Well. what kind of things?
Erin has to go back to New York
to face some big life changes.
I don't want her
to deal with them on her own.
I want to be there for her.
Were you even gonna bother
telling me?
Of course.
I was gonna tell you.
I-I haven't even told Erin yet.
I just decided.
Like I said. I--
things are happening so fast.
You said you were scared.
I just...
I didn't think
you were this scared.
This isn't about us. Boone.
Well. it doesn't look like
there is an "us". does it?
Don't say that.
I gotta get back to the boys.
I'll-- I'll see you later.
Boone. please.
Let's talk about this.
Boone?
Rise and shine. sweetie!
Breakfast in 10!
Erin?
-
- Erin. honey?
Erin?
Hey. It's Erin.
Leave a message.
Erin. it's me.
Where are you?
Call me.
- Boone.
- Tara.
Morning. Tara.
Erin's gone.
I think she ran away.
I looked everywhere.
and she's not
picking up her phone.
What makes you think
she ran away?
The stuff with her dad
last night.
She was really upset.
I checked all over
and she's gone.
Okay. tell you what.
You drive north.
I'll drive south.
and we'll see find her. okay?
- Okay.
- All right.
You come with me. buddy.
Hey. Griff.
have you seen Erin?
No. why?
She's missing.
I was just down at the docks
and the boat's not there.
The boat's not there?
Yeah. I was gonna go fishing.
but it's gone.
Does she know how to row?
- No!
- Okay. come on! Let's go!
Erin!
Erin! Where are you?
Erin...
- Give you a hand.
- Thank you.
Erin!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
There's the boat.
Tara. take the kids
down that way--
there's a safer route down.
I'm gonna go this way.
I'll meet you there. okay?
Boone?
Erin.
Mom!
There she is!
Erin! You okay?
You okay?
I think so.
Okay. I'm gonna
try and get you up.
Nice and easy...
there you go. I gotcha.
Gonna pass you up
to your mother. okay?
You got her?
Yeah.
- Mom.
- It's okay. I got you.
I got you. Okay?
You all right? Okay.
Am I gonna get arrested?
Arrested?
For stealing the boat.
Oh. No. Of course not.
Oh. I never said
I wasn't gonna arrest her.
I should arrest you
for being so irresponsible.
And what in the world
were you thinking?
The map on my phone.
I thought the river
could take me far enough away
so Dad couldn't find me.
Please. don't be mad.
Oh. baby. I'm not mad.
I'm not mad.
I'm just so grateful
you're okay.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Boone.
Thank you.
Tara.
James.
Are you calling to confirm
Erin's travel arrangements?
No. I'm calling to let you know
she's staying here with me.
At least. for now.
What?
She was so determined
not to go back to New York.
that she ran away this morning.
She almost drowned.
Oh. come on.
you can't be serious.
Your daughter
is in a world of pain.
Right now. what she needs
more than anything
is a parent
who's gonna love her.
nurture her.
catch her when she stumbles.
and try to keep her
from stumbling at all.
Yeah. well. she's only got
one parent. Tara.
No. She has me.
and I'm not sending her
back to you.
not in the state she's in.
Yeah. well.
that's not your choice to make.
You're not her mother.
Yes. I am...
in every way that counts.
She better be on that plane!
She won't be.
If you want
your daughter back. James.
learn how to love her.
She so desperately
wants you to.
I do love her!
Of course. I love her.
She doesn't know that.
How could she not?
I give--
I give her everything she wants.
Oh. James.
You're so smart. yet...
so blind.
Did she really almost drown?
Yes.
That's...
That's awful. I...
She needs some time. James.
And I don't expect you
to come and get her.
But. for right now.
just let me take care of Erin.
Please?
Okay.
Thank you.
No. Thank you.
And hey...
tell Erin that I love her.
You can tell her that. James.
I will.
Bye.
- Hey.
- Hi.
You're still here.
I am.
Uh. forgive the regift.
I meant what I said. Boone.
I'm scared to death
to get into
a relationship again.
but not if it's with you.
If I let this pass me by.
I'm gonna regret it
for the rest of my life.
Well. I...
I do appreciate that.
but it's gonna be
awfully hard to do.
2.000 miles away.
I know.
A long-distance romance...
that's a...
huge complication.
It's a...
it's a pretty big one.
Which. um...
...is why I'm staying.
You are?
I'm taking a job here.
Um...
I might be teaching your boys.
Really?
They would love that.
But...
I mean. what about Erin?
Doesn't she need you
in New York?
She's staying. too.
Until James comes to his senses
and becomes the father
that she needs him to be.
What if that doesn't happen?
Then I'll be one happy mom.
Well. you're a pretty good mom.
You're a pretty good dad.
Yeah. I try.
And that's why you are.
Thank you.
You've...
...restored my faith
in so many things.
Most importantly...
in this.
Game on!
Where are you going?
Soccer game?
Are we gonna do this again?
Really?
Here we go!
Remember what happened
last time we did this.
don't you?
Huh?
Not so fast. cowboy.
♪ What if we lay it on the line
this time ♪
♪ Ain't that what we deserve?
♪ What if I...
♪ Walk away?
Come back here.
♪ What if I stay?
you little runts!